all
for name and jean-michel riparian and
welcome to kraft kitchens could
look awesome to serve a roast
beef rib
today I show how with a
roast rib of beef with herbs and
first of all what does it do
the taste that this famous piece of
meat is the great muscular being
who will water the meat that sees there a
very juicy during cooking
then the others next to you
can ask your butcher already
taken or we'll remove the
cut out at the end c hall gave
a lot a lot of flavor to your
piece of meat by action so me
personally I prefer to keep them
now I think of the sink or wash
hands so next step I close
marine and my piece becomes so I'm going
use half a cup of vinegar and
creamy Caesar and I'm going to beat yellow
and my piece of meat on all sides
The advantage with this tic dressing
your tool will have a rich saverdun
now I'm going to put on a fridge
to marinate for an hour
my life was well marinated and I
transferred to a roaster six years
did not have one at home anymore fans in
any baking dish
13 by nine lots I'm going to place at
oven at 3 125 degrees for 1h45
during that time I will prepare the
sauce that will serve as crusts cushioned
then in a bowl I will mix 1/4
cup of vinegar and creamy Caesar
I add rosemary thyme
fresh chopped with garlic and I mix
of everything I'm going to mix to get
a beautiful consistency we could have
do work with dried herbs
in this case using three times
less than now baste my
meat with the preparation I made
halak
seven rescuers will allow me
to have a nice crispy crust
and it will bring a lot of flavor to
montredon
now i'm going to relocate will be baked
for 30 to 40 minutes until a
internal temperature of 150 degrees
fahrenheit and for its value as needed
to use your meat thermometer
I left my piece of meat to rest
about fifteen minutes that allowed him
to finish leather is to achieve a
internal temperature of 160 degrees
fahrenheit it also allowed the meat
to relax and within
divide in the same room
so now we are ready or the
cutting
then here we have the increases are
just sit there I'm going to use a
pair of pliers rather than a
meat fork to avoid doing
get out the blood so see you here we
see the muscle that breaks we'll do them
unissions with the knife and we're going
pass along the waters to reach
the bot like this one so I have the room
of meat
now at the water level
we can recover them because the
ratings are not fast in the presentation
and are very good too
then we have one step is the knife the
along the waters like that 7 6 and then we
will come to cut right in the center of our
two ribs
I will now be the waters of
side like this and I'll get you to
slice my piece of meat for that I
am going to use a knife and slimming
obviously well honed it's very
important
so I'm going to grab my piece of meat
and I will make thin slices
here is the cooking is perfect I will you
ready to serve where you go
impress your guests during your
next special evenings with this
tasty dish and this perfect cooking
for further declines in revenue and
video go on receivables
canada.com